hello YouTube is attack month for 100
and I'm going to show you how to click
the load in air honestly minecraft now
what does load air is when you start up
minecraft what's going to do is it's
going to do the regular login screen and
this usually happens when you download a
texture pack it gives you the regular
login screen and then after that it will
load the game but it will say done and
yeah so this is how you fix it you're
going to want to search program or start
menu type in the sunshine app and then
another % and there is two ways to do
this crap there's two ways to do this oh
yeah and then you're going to want to
put the roaming folder then what you
wanted to do ok first before you do
anything you don't want to backup your
saves and I will show you how to do that
right now are you going to do is you go
to save select right click it and press
where is it copy then you're going to
want to paste it on your desktop and
then is made it anyway and make sure to
make a backup just in case of the whole
minecraft to list then what you want to
do is just ill eat this and I'm not
going to do it because I feel like doing
it but once you to leave it you're going
to start off minecraft login then
everything's going to be deleted
everything except the game itself so
what you want to do is you're going to
open up that fold again
bout minecraft and you're going to
delete the sales file I'm not going to
do that I don't want to lose anything
you're going to delete the same spot
then drag this in here and if you just
if you do not drag the sales file and if
you do not delete this satisfied then it
will just it won't work at all so and
make sure make a backup of this one to
copy it again and then paste it yes in
case you get it wrong and then it should
work but if that doesn't work you're
going to want to right-click the
minecraft I believe you go to properties
sorry I'm not pro at this it's a new way
you're going to go with a compatibility
and then you're going to want to if it's
clicked on this then you're going to
want to unclick it or click it you click
off then you're going to go run in 640 x
680 screen resolutions and it will make
you go screen go black when you start up
minecraft and then it will go back some
weird reason i don't know why but i hope
this helped and thank you I'm please
subscribe